wake up people the real victims of
wealth inequality are the rich there is
a literal never-ending flow of media
material talking about how miserable the
rich are specifically because they're
rich it doesn't end they've been begging
poor people to save them for so long and
now they're beginning to realize lifting
up one or two poor people from obscurity
to reinvigorate rich communities sense
of perspective is not enough this can't
be a one or two person effort but here
we are with rich people still going on
about how awful it is to be wealthy and
powerful and important and living
without a single care in the world
except for the hollow and empty lives
they lead from the burden of having so
much money they're actively asking us
to take their money